essere => essere
sono => essere
sei => essere
è => essere
siamo => essere
siete => essere
sono => essere
ero => essere
eri => essere
era => essere
eravamo => essere
eravate => essere
erano => essere
sarò => essere
sarai => essere
sarà => essere
saremo => essere
sarete => essere
saranno => essere
avere => avere
ho => avere
hai => avere
ha => avere
abbiamo => avere
avete => avere
hanno => avere
avevo => avere
avevi => avere
aveva => avere
avevamo => avere
avevate => avere
avevano => avere
avrò => avere
avrai => avere
avrà => avere
avremo => avere
avrete => avere
avranno => avere
fare => fare
faccio => fare
fai => fare
fa => fare
facciamo => fare
fate => fare
fanno => fare
facevo => fare
facevi => fare
faceva => fare
facevamo => fare
facevate => fare
facevano => fare
farò => fare
farai => fare
farà => fare
faremo => fare
farete => fare
faranno => fare
dire => dire
dico => dire
dici => dire
dice => dire
diciamo => dire
dite => dire
dicono => dire
dicevo => dire
dicevi => dire
diceva => dire
dicevamo => dire
dicevate => dire
dicevano => dire
dirò => dire
dirai => dire
dirà => dire
diremo => dire
direte => dire
diranno => dire
potere => potere
posso => potere
puoi => potere
può => potere
possiamo => potere
potete => potere
possono => potere
potevo => potere
potevi => potere
poteva => potere
potevamo => potere
potevate => potere
potevano => potere
potrò => potere
potrai => potere
potrà => potere
potremo => potere
potrete => potere
potranno => potere
andare => andare
vado => andare
vai => andare
va => andare
andiamo => andare
andate => andare
vanno => andare
andavo => andare
andavi => andare
andava => andare
andavamo => andare
andavate => andare
andavano => andare
andrò => andare
andrai => andare
andrà => andare
andremo => andare
andrete => andare
andranno => andare
venire => venire
vengo => venire
vieni => venire
viene => venire
veniamo => venire
venite => venire
vengono => venire
venivo => venire
venivi => venire
veniva => venire
venivamo => venire
venivate => venire
venivano => venire
verrò => venire
verrai => venire
verrà => venire
verremo => venire
verrete => venire
verranno => venire
vedere => vedere
vedo => vedere
vedi => vedere
vede => vedere
vediamo => vedere
vedete => vedere
vedono => vedere
vedevo => vedere
vedevi => vedere
vedeva => vedere
vedevamo => vedere
vedevate => vedere
vedevano => vedere
vedrò => vedere
vedrai => vedere
vedrà => vedere
vedremo => vedere
vedrete => vedere
vedranno => vedere
dare => dare
do => dare
dai => dare
dà => dare
diamo => dare
date => dare
danno => dare
davo => dare
davi => dare
dava => dare
davamo => dare
davate => dare
davano => dare
darò => dare
darai => dare
darà => dare
daremo => dare
darete => dare
daranno => dare
stare => stare
sto => stare
stai => stare
sta => stare
stiamo => stare
state => stare
stanno => stare
stavo => stare
stavi => stare
stava => stare
stavamo => stare
stavate => stare
stavano => stare
starò => stare
starai => stare
starà => stare
staremo => stare
starete => stare
staranno => stare
dovere => dovere
devo => dovere
devi => dovere
deve => dovere
dobbiamo => dovere
dovete => dovere
devono => dovere
dovevo => dovere
dovevi => dovere
doveva => dovere
dovevamo => dovere
dovevate => dovere
dovevano => dovere
dovrò => dovere
dovrai => dovere
dovrà => dovere
dovremo => dovere
dovrete => dovere
dovranno => dovere
sapere => sapere
so => sapere
sai => sapere
sa => sapere
sappiamo => sapere
sapete => sapere
sanno => sapere
sapevo => sapere
sapevi => sapere
sapeva => sapere
sapevamo => sapere
sapevate => sapere
sapevano => sapere
saprò => sapere
saprai => sapere
saprà => sapere
saprò => sapere
vorrò => volere
vorrai => volere
vorrà => volere
vorremo => volere
vorrete => volere
vorranno => volere
parlare => parlare
parlo => parlare
parli => parlare
parla => parlare
parliamo => parlare
parlate => parlare
parlano => parlare
parlavo => parlare
parlavi => parlare
parlava => parlare
parlavamo => parlare
parlavate => parlare
parlavano => parlare
parlerò => parlare
parlerai => parlare
parlerà => parlare
parleremo => parlare
parlerete => parlare
parleranno => parlare
uscire => uscire
esco => uscire
esci => uscire
esce => uscire
usciamo => uscire
uscite => uscire
escono => uscire
uscivo => uscire
uscivi => uscire
usciva => uscire
uscivamo => uscire
uscivate => uscire
uscivano => uscire
uscirò => uscire
uscirai => uscire
uscirà => uscire
usciremo => uscire
uscirete => uscire
usciranno => uscire
lavorare => lavorare
lavoro => lavorare
lavori => lavorare
lavora => lavorare
lavoriamo => lavorare
lavorate => lavorare
lavorano => lavorare
lavoravo => lavorare
lavoravi => lavorare
lavorava => lavorare
lavoravamo => lavorare
lavoravate => lavorare
lavoravano => lavorare
lavorerò => lavorare
lavorerai => lavorare
lavorerà => lavorare
lavoreremo => lavorare
lavorerete => lavorare
lavoreranno => lavorare
mangiare => mangiare
mangio => mangiare
mangi => mangiare
mangia => mangiare
mangiamo => mangiare
mangiate => mangiare
mangiano => mangiare
mangiavo => mangiare
mangiavi => mangiare
mangiava => mangiare
mangiavamo => mangiare
mangiavate => mangiare
mangiavano => mangiare
mangerò => mangiare
mangerai => mangiare
mangerà => mangiare
mangeremo => mangiare
mangerete => mangiare
mangeranno => mangiare
bere => bere
bevo => bere
bevi => bere
beve => bere
beviamo => bere
bevete => bere
bevono => bere
bevevo => bere
bevevi => bere
beveva => bere
bevevamo => bere
bevevate => bere
bevevano => bere
berrò => bere
berrai => bere
berrà => bere
berremo => bere
berrete => bere
berranno => bere
comprare => comprare
compro => comprare
compri => comprare
compra => comprare
compriamo => comprare
comprate => comprare
comprano => comprare
compravo => comprare
compravi => comprare
compra => comprare